hi I'm Josh Moody founder and CEO of
overwatch and we are revolutionising the
possibilities of combat gaming awesome
to the max overwatch bridges the gap
between digital and physical gaming
bringing your favorite features from
combat video games to your smartphone
integrating them into real life airsoft
paintball and laser tag matches features
like live GPS radar that allow you to
track the location of teammates and
opponents on the field voice chat to
keep in contact with teammates at all
times and in-game perks and unlocks that
allow you to jam enemy radar or listen
in on enemy communication lines at any
point during the game but we're also
incorporating command center which
allows a user from a remote location to
control the chaos on the field seeing
the location of each player in the game
and even dishing out perks to his own
players with the push of a button we're
passionate about project overwatch and
we can't wait to get it in your hands
but before we do I'll be showing you the
current stage of our overwatch app and
how it functions in combat but I'll also
be showing you a sneak peek at our
prototype hardware that keeps you
engaged in the physical game but also
keeps your device safe in combat let's
jump in this is the overwatch app and
I'm currently using the over lunch rail
mount to attach my smartphone to the
side of my gun now I've already created
an account and logged in so I've been
taken to the main menu I'll go ahead and
create a new match now I'm taken to the
match settings screen as the admin I can
control the game timer and radar refresh
rate as well as other settings for the
game I'll go ahead and name this test
and now I'll create the match I'm
prompted to choose my team a list
immediately appears showing those who
have joined the game as well as those
who have chosen alpha or Bravo Team
clicking begin game countdown will now
bring all players from the lobby to the
game countdown screen the timer expires
and the game begins immediately you see
the game clock displayed at the top of
your screen as well as the voice
controls on the top left and top right
when in trouble press the panic button
to call attention to your location on
your teammates screens the hit and quit
button will remove you from the game
selecting a default perk like UAV will
reveal the locations of opponents on
your GPS screen in future releases a
perk menu will appear allowing you to
activate or purchase additional in-game
perks as you see here the in-game screen
is directionally reactive meaning that
when you move your radar moves with you
need a better view of the battlefield
simply pinch to zoom in or zoom out
resizing the map to better fit your
playing field lastly the game score is
displayed at the bottom right of the
screen when the game is over you can
compare stats with friends and clicking
done returns you to the main menu that's
a quick walkthrough of the overwatch app
now we'll take a look at the overwatch
hardware this is version 2 of our
prototype hardware designed specifically
for overwatch this version was designed
from the ground up not only to provide
more protection but also to be
adjustable resizing to fit both Android
and iOS devices as you see here my
iPhone 5s even fits while protected by a
case simply clamp them out together and
secure your device using the single
screw at the bottom of the mountain
by using a simple reinforced henge
you'll always be able to quickly attach
and detach your rail mount from your
rail system it's as easy as sliding the
rail mount case into the rail mount
adapter and securing it with one thumb
screw where the mount case and rail not
adapter meet to move the device simply
fold it inward and now you're ready for
an overwatch game as you can see
overwatch is almost ready to go to
market but we still need your help to
provide valuable feedback and help us
build the overwatch community even if we
don't meet our $50,000 goal you can rest
assured the perks you of factors for you
will receive so that when we go to
market later this year you'll be one of
the first to bring gaming from console
to combat I'm Josh
that's overwatch and now when it's game
time it's game time for real feel free
to shoot me an email with questions or
suggestions to Josh at overwatch opcom
until next time I'll see you on the
battlefield